I understand my nice youtube people
he speaks to them that they are ministries of interest
welcome back a gameplay commented
that by being seer we bring another
gameplay of the wwf and as if it is then
as always, not as always, not more
we chose now the patron alberto del
river to make a to a new event and
let's choose from rivals so
random there goes the good sean pong and other
random and this time it will come out
weight bar and good that more than these
good rivals these great fighters
that are quite known worldwide
to face the most famous and
great and charismatic simple does not go
nothing simple
simple is not charismatic and alberto
of the river this great fighter that in what
particular is from my favorites
because I know his career and the
truth is that it is very, very good
formerly here in many of you
those who follow wrestling know it
here in mexico fought with the name of
two faces juniors and without no place to
doubts have a family and family
impressive luchística has a here
the pattern arrives in his car alberto del
river of this character that you have created
for the double double and that certainly for
My taste has been one of the best
characters in recent years who have
been in the double w because it is is without
doubts hates tenth
or beloved depending on the taste that
have for this fighter in what
I particularly like his fight
good and we chose a tlc if it's tlc but
you follow stairs and tables for this one
this fight and good as you can
realize Alberto del río begins
with submission but they open me open me
because I could not overhold submission
and well here fighting against two others is
a little bit complicated I tried to make
submission again but here it is not
to do your mission if it's not about going
for the briefcase
I do not know but it's about lowering the briefcase
and in this case in this case
we were trying to achieve that
point but as I told you being a super
novice and fighting this type of battles is
a little more complicated but no doubt that
we try to do good things
way
here the good weather that is about to
take it until the good comes
huelva network on a server pulls the
ladder to try
take it out of the play but look no further
the wakeboard subdues me and gives me a good
chair of what is rudeness in this
case in that sense karl habits that
we have tried to throw him with
everything to learn more and to throw more and
not to be ashamed around here but as
you can realize you can
have fun and learn from what they should not
to do in this great title of the ww
but you know that my channel is
characterized by being a super crazy but
no matter what merit is the idea is that
you realize that in this world
youtuber or you can upload your
gameplay and no doubt there will be someone who
want to see
I accept all kinds of suggestions tips
comments the truth is that
you many of you know more than
me in these games and how nice that I
I would like nothing, I do not like anything more in
this world that will help me you to
improve my game level in this title
called ww 13 good your version 13 or the
year 2013 and well we will be trying
do things improve improve this
situation of the fighters the
ligaments and talking about double double
or 13 of the fights in the gameplays
soon we have a surprise
I hope it will be done soon and I hope that
you here support the band with
this is this new surprise this new
good project the global project that
let's bring here hopefully soon
so
this I hope you like and takes and goes
to be exclusively in this title of
the wwf is not yet sure in what
version but probably be in the ww
legends for the playstation3 so
let's see what happens not
canalitos looks I have the past name
It's a dog that needs me because it's
but unleashed the bastard and but look no
meets the carnal pattern is more
what if it was bravo the dot and then
If he got me he fucks but good
we love more and we scrape more carnal in
these struggles
and we already supplied
to both contenders although the submission
I still do not get it but soon soon
no doubt this will come out so win milestones
all let's meet all
suggestions comments and others for
improve in the gameplays this this this
It will help me a lot but as everyone can
realize the good weather that lowers the
briefcase becomes winner of this battle
and well, there is nothing left
thank you all for the favor of
your visit reminding them that you like and
comment is very important for a
server I answer as soon as possible
and good to my style and as is customary
of pachuca hidalgo mexico to the world
if you do not like games if you do not
like you do not see it and for now nothing more
today game over
thank you very much for watching my video
carnal and subscribe if you liked clear and
also follow me through social networks
of twitter and facebook and here I leave you the
previous video carnal that you give a
quemón or a random video that is not
random channel because I chose it
especially for you because I know that you
will like for today well